hey oh hey OH sweat some guys sweat
Sunday Oh some guy huh we in a fucking
Mustang my nigga yeah Phil bit run
around in that but gee Tom fielding
woodhams all these days I'm fucking ha
ha ha traduce y'all to my birthday's
birdsville hey hey where you at they may
you know I am sweating in this black
Mustang
pour down oh my god must a muthafucka
base Bernie de your main get swallowed
it you can find me in the play prove it
in a ride love when I'm high it in the
play rolling on it grohe got me up in
like a choo-choo train nigga you can
just put your girls stay on my dick so
try me if you wanna bet I for than 30 40
clean it in a box though French it in
your hair cut chris young nigga got more
body
that's a lot of go you know I'm rich you
know I got to walk I hit a lick give me
a gig but we had it fitted ha it is like
you're careful with my legs
boys I like it
I was a boy dang boy
hey the boy
boy boy
boy
right right around in that black on
black two bitches sit on my lap
scratched up and I be bout that real
niggas on about that bow five when I
split down to zebra gum in there ho ho
heaters i'm smokin dro fuck with me I
pulled a ho pull up and i'm swaggin
bitch came through like a dragon flies
fuckin our wagon bitch pardon me but I'm
dragon bitch change ring on his right on
why this prequel called 85 f is get
inside my right that's why I'm gonna
take a shot ocean getting this dish may
face burning yo bitch great ride around
and that Mustang again got one key
boscia gang in this bitch man chase
birthday girl bitch man right around
that Mustang your gink I want you boys
they raise our boys
I lay down my life for same boys
boy boys